God
charge my fucking hands get that blower
that's what you call nismo quality jesus
fucking christ yes everything is fun
look at that oh my god chrome is
everywhere you can see that shit weighs
a ton he gets my award and mother fucker
nicest thing on his car is his factory
wheels Jesus Christ how are you nobody
missed your youth didn't you I bet the
maxima behind him is faster it's nice he
has his glasses no so he looks awful
come here man let me talk to you about
your car it's been like crisis of
members midlife it's old man life shit I
thought I was old look at that
motherfucker Jesus Christ he got some
damn pep boys stick on on his head
you know I want to see his supercharged
sticker because it was put on crooked I
want to get a picture of that shit I'm a
right nice on to see if they did that
shit on purpose make it faster
about children